feat(auth): end the platform session on logout (OIDC RP-initiated logout) [PLT-107228] (#636)
UiPath/uipath-typescript: docs/authentication.md

- `sdk.isInOAuthCallback()` - Check if processing OAuth redirect
- `sdk.completeOAuth()` - Manually complete OAuth (advanced use)
- `sdk.getToken()` - Get the logged-in user's access token

> - `sdk.logout()` - Logout and clear all authentication state (requires re-initialization to authenticate again). By default the Automation Cloud session stays active, so the next sign-in completes silently. Pass `sdk.logout({ endCloudSession: true })` to also sign the user out of Automation Cloud — the browser is redirected to end the session and returns to your configured `redirectUri` (override with `postLogoutRedirectUri`).

Reviewer: should we use "Automation Cloud session" ? or UiPath session? because this will land for Automation Suite also

> - `sdk.logout()` - Logout and clear all authentication state (requires re-initialization to authenticate again). By default the UiPath session (Automation Cloud or Automation Suite) stays active, so the next sign-in completes silently. Pass `sdk.logout({ endSession: true })` to also sign the user out of UiPath session — the browser is redirected to end the session and returns to your configured `redirectUri` (override with `postLogoutRedirectUri`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sdk.logout()` - Logout and clear all authentication state (requires re-initialization to authenticate again). By default the UiPath session (Automation Cloud or Automation Suite) stays active, so the next sign-in completes silently. Pass `sdk.logout({ endSession: true })` to also sign the user out of UiPath session — the browser is redirected to end the session and returns to your app.
```

> - `sdk.logout()` - Logout and clear all authentication state (requires re-initialization to authenticate again). By default this is local-only: the Automation Cloud session is untouched and a subsequent sign-in completes silently. Pass `sdk.logout({ endSession: true })` to also terminate the Automation Cloud session — the browser is redirected to the Identity end-session endpoint, so the next sign-in prompts for credentials. **The cloud logout requires the `openid` scope in your SDK configuration**: the SDK sends the OIDC ID token as `id_token_hint` to prove the end-session request; without an ID token the SDK clears local state only, logs a warning, and skips the cloud logout. Pass `postLogoutRedirectUri` to return the user to your app afterwards — e.g. `(window.location.origin + window.location.pathname).replace(/\/$/, '')`. Identity compares the value by exact string match (a trailing-slash difference is a mismatch); when omitted or mismatched, the user lands on the Automation Cloud portal.

Reviewer: please use concise comments. and exclude things like openid, id_token_hint etc. these will be reflected in public facing docs.

> - `sdk.logout()` - Logout and clear all authentication state (requires re-initialization to authenticate again). By default this is local-only: the Automation Cloud session is untouched and a subsequent sign-in completes silently. Pass `sdk.logout({ endSession: true })` to also terminate the Automation Cloud session — the browser is redirected to the Identity end-session endpoint, so the next sign-in prompts for credentials. **The cloud logout requires the `openid` scope in your SDK configuration**: the SDK sends the OIDC ID token as `id_token_hint` to prove the end-session request; without an ID token the SDK clears local state only, logs a warning, and skips the cloud logout. Pass `postLogoutRedirectUri` to return the user to your app afterwards — e.g. `(window.location.origin + window.location.pathname).replace(/\/$/, '')`. Identity compares the value by exact string match (a trailing-slash difference is a mismatch); when omitted or mismatched, the user lands on the Automation Cloud portal.

Reviewer: > sdk.logout({
>   endSession: true,
>   postLogoutRedirectUri: (window.location.origin + window.location.pathname).replace(/\/$/, '')
> });

why do users need to pass postLogoutRedirectUri ? 

they have already provided redirect url at time of initialisation of sdk. we should use the same.
and at hosted runtime, it should continue to read from meta tags
